# Review Article | Artificial Intelligence and Robotics 
This is the **Review Article** that I wrote for **_Directed Reading for Computer Science and Software Engineering_** (CS275) based on Artificial Intelligence and Robotics. In this module, we were taught how to analyze and write scientific research papers to prepare us for out thesis in 4th Year. We studied multiple Research Papers examples include "_[Scientist Worry Machines will out smart us (2009)](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/07/26/science/26robot.html?_r=0)_" and "_[Autonomous Military Robotics: Risk, Ethics, and Design](http://ethics.calpoly.edu/onr_report.pdf)_".

I chose this field of study because I've always been very interested in _Artificial Intelligence_ and how we can _use_ it to make **robots** operate _like_ us **humans**. The things that I find so fascinating about _AI and Robotics_ are how they will _impact_ our future both **negatively** and **positively** and whether or not we as humans will be so _willing_ to accept them into our daily lives.  

## Aim:
My **aim** is to *widen the perspective* of those that havent yet done research on **_Artificial Intelligence and Robotics_** and to remind those who have or are still researching AI and Robotics what this field in Computer Science has accomplished and is still accomplishing.

## Abstract
This review article will cover *Artificial Intelligence and Robotics*. It will analyze the *definition and history of AI and Robotics*. The AI and Robotics industry have greatly benefited from each other. For this reason, this review article will also explain why AI and Robotics *synergize* well with each other by using **_Robot Soccer_** and **_Google’s Driverless Car_** as examples. As more robots are being made there is more and more *tension* on what the fields of AI and Robotics have in store for the world. Many *challenges* such as the **fear of AI**, **social awareness** and **affective interaction** face the AI and Robotics Industry. In order to overcome these challenges, more research must be done. As computers get more powerful more **progress and breakthroughs will be made in the Artificial Intelligence and Robotics industry**.